I can write to inspire, but only when I am inspired. As of late, I have not been. Instead, I obsess on the ever-growing collection of facts that have collected over the past few years. It starts off as a list:
1. I went to the store. 
2. I saw a piece of gum on the floor. 
3. There is a bee flying around. 
Just as an example. 
Then, time does its thing. New facts firm, but they're no longer just the constructive empirical statements about the world. Instead they often describe the relationship between the pre-conceived subjects of those constructive statements. 

Building on the previous example, 
4. I left the store. 
5. The bee had become stuck in the gum.

The world is a little simpler now, knowing that those two things have become stuck together like that . 

Energy is the universe's currency , and I don't mean energy in the mystical kind of way. I mean it in the most empirical manner possible. Although it may be hard to detect, measure and adequately store and use, it surrounds us everywhere and existence itself is not possible. 
All of life is the exchanging of this currency. With your actions you invest your currency likely intending to purchase the things you value above all else. In a world that limits possibilities, investment in avenue opening possibilities is prudent. If such things are not possible or available, then simply waiting for the universe to present a desirable opportunity is the next best thing. Never feel compelled to walk an avenue you do not explicitly desire, to do so is to act as an advocate of theft. 

Invitations are descendants of the concept of the social contract . To act without one is suspect, unless it is a common norm in some kind of preexisting relationship. In a possibility one may believe they are acting boldly but in the visitees perspective they are acting creepy or annoying. In other words, it becomes immediately evident (we hope) that this visitor is unwelcome. Some uninvited guests may be forgiven, such as those in need of aid or perhaps to borrow something someone is likely, or reputed to possess. No matter the situation, though, an open an explicit invitation states a relationship fact: "I want you here," says one, and the other by receiving and acting says "and I want to be here."


